My kids are locked outside.
My kids are locked inside.
My kids are stuck in the door.
I have to pick on my kids.
I have to help my grandmother bake cookies.
I have to help my Aunt Flo in Omaha make cookies. She's much better now and she wants to send thank-you cookies to everyone who came to see her when she thought she was dying.
The water company has to read my meter once a year and this was the only time they would come.
The gas company has to read my meter once a year and this was the only time they would come.
The water meter guy and the gas meter guy were both leaving cards on my door about me not being home, and they got into a fight about whose meter was better, and I have to go home and clean up.
My daughter is graduating from high school and I'd like to go to the ceremony.
My daughter is receiving a Nobel Prize and I'd like to go to the ceremony.
I have to pick up my car at the shop. If I don't get there in half an hour it'll be locked up all weekend.
I have to get my car to the shop. If I don't get it there in half an hour it'll be locked out all weekend.
My dog has a rash all over, and the vet closes early today.
My cat has a rash all over, and the vet closes early today.
My kid has a rash all over, and the vet closes early today.
My truss snapped.
My support hose popped.
I got my fingers stuck together with Krazy Glue.
I'm arranging financing for a house.
I'm arranging financing for a car.
I'm arranging financing for a beef roast.Student Work.
The couch I ordered umpteen weeks ago has arrived and this was the only time they could deliver it.
The refrigerator I ordered umpteen weeks ago has arrived and this was the only time they could deliver it.
The baby we arranged for nine months ago is arriving, and I think this is the time it's being delivered.
I have been asked to serve on a presidential advisory panel.
I'm being sent to the moon by NASA.
It's Dayton's Warehouse Sale.
My back aches.
My stomach aches.
My hair aches.
My biological clock is ticking.
I have to take my biological clock in for service.
My furnace won't stop running, and the goldfish are getting poached.
My central air conditioning won't stop running, and the goldfish are getting freezer burn.
Both my furnace and my central air conditioning won't stop running. The goldfish are fine but my basement is about to explode.
I have to go to the airport to pick up my mother.
I have to go to the airport to pick up my minister.
I have to go to the airport to pick up my minister's mother.
I have to take my mother to the doctor.
I have to take my minister to the doctor.
I have to take my doctor to my minister.
I think I left the iron on.
I think I left the water on.
I think I left the refrigerator on.
I'm getting married, and I have to go pick out rings.
I'm getting married, and I have to take a blood test.
I'm getting married, and I have to figure out to whom.
I have to have my waistband let out.
I have to have my watchband let out.
I have to have my son's rock band let out.
I'm having my eyes checked this noon, and they put drops in them so I won't be able to work afterwards.
I'm having my ears checked this noon, and they put drops in them so I won't be able to work afterwards.
I'm having my hats checked this noon, and I'll be having a drop or two so I won't be able to work afterwards.
I'm having a root canal.
I'm having a tax audit.
I'm going on a date with a sadomasochistic necrophile.
My broker needs to talk with me about diversification.
I have to rearrange my savings so that there is no more than $100,000 in any one federally insured institution.
I need to break into my kid's piggy bank while he's not home.
I have to renew my driver's license.
I have to get new license plates.
I have to stand in a long line for no good reason, while petty bureaucrats take inordinate amounts of time to work out the tiny problems that they detect in perfectly routine transactions. THEN I have to breeze by and renew my driver's license and get new license plates.
I've got an urgent session with my therapist.
I've got a really urgent session with my therapist.
I've ... I ... I'm not ... I don't ... I CAN'T COPE WITH THIS!!
I have to get my contact lenses fitted.
I have to get my hearing aid adjusted.
I have to get my big toe calibrated.
Hey, hey! The Monkees could be coming to our town.Farm Work.
My rheumatism is acting up. There's going to be a terrible tornado.
My arthritis is acting up. There's going to be a terrible blizzard.
The pharaoh is acting up. There's going to be a terrible rain of frogs.
I need to give blood.
I need to give evidence.
I need to give up.
I'm going to my best friend's engagement party.
I'm going to my best friend's wedding.
I'm going to my best friend's divorce.
I have a seriously overdue library book that I have to return.
I have a bunch of old parking tickets, and if I don't pay them I'm going to be arrested.
The police are at the back door. Cover me.
I'm having my nails done.
I'm having my colors done.
I'm having my head examined.
I'm going to the bank.
I'm going to sleep.
I'm going over the edge.
A friend of mine is dying and I have to go to the hospital.
A friend of mine has died and I have to go to the funeral parlor.
A friend of mine is being reincarnated and I have to go to the zoo.
I need to check out the hole in the ozone layer.
I need to check into a rest home.
I'm breaking in my shoes.
I'm breaking up with my boyfriend.
I'm breaking out.
I have to pick up my dry cleaning.
I have to pick out a car.
Salmon Rushdie is coming in to talk about his idea for a book on Christian fundamentalists. I thought I'd go to a ball game instead.
My wife wouldn't let me out of the house.
I was abducted by aliens.
She looked 18 to me.
I had temporary amnesia.
I was captured by terrorists.
I couldn't find my keys.
I locked my keys in my car.
I'm schizophrenic and my other personality is a flake.
My evil twin did that.
It's only me and not my mind that is confusing things.
I would have called, but I've been really busy.
I didn't come over because I had to wash my hair.
I was late because I overslept.
My dog ate my homework.
I didn't call because I lost your number.
I couldn't get a sitter
My cat wouldn't stop sneezing.
I was just trying to avoid the crowd.
We were just following orders.
I don't want to go to school because my home room teacher is a big purple dinosaur.
Please excuse me from school because I got a bad haircut.
I got left behind.
I didn't show up for school because I couldn't read the street signs.
I had to go get my mother out of rehab.
My laptop has a virus.
I thought it was senior ditch day.
My pants fell down, I tripped and broke my arm.
They wouldn't let me off work at the Nike factory.
I couldn't find a sitter.
Alf comes on soon.
Ally Mcbeal is on.
Having fun gives me prickly heat.
I can't, I need to take my computer apart and put it back together.
I can't, I was asked to go to another party w/o you.
I caught a rare deadly African disease that's highly contagious.
I changed the lock on my door and now I can't get out.
I did my own thing and now I've got to undo it.
I don't date outside my species.
I don't date goats!
I don't have time to go on a date...with YOU!
I don't like people.
I don't like you.
I don't want to leave my comfort zone.
I don't want to miss Martha Stewart's premiere.
I don't want to ruin our friendship.
I feel a song coming on.
I had to rob your house.
I have a phobia of people named (insert name here).
I have family in town.
I have plans to clean the cracks in my floor.
I have some real hard words to look up in the dictionary.
I have to alphabetize my CDs.
I have to answer all of my "occupant" letters.
I have to ash/condition/perm/curl/tease my hair.
I have to be on the next train to Bermuda.
I have to bleach my hair.
I have to brush my dog's teeth.
I have to brush my teeth.
I have to check the freshness dates on my dairy products.
I have to clean my toilet.
I have to draw "Cubby" for an art scholarship.
I have to floss my cat.
I have to fluff my shower cap.
I have to fulfill my potential.
I have to go for my full body wax appointment .
I have to go...........over..............there.
I have to go shopping for my mother.
I have to go to a surprise party for my grandma's birthday.
I have to go to court for kitty littering.
I have to go to the dentist.
I have to go to the post office to see if I'm still wanted.
I have to hide the bodies.
I have to jog my memory.
I have to knit some dust bunnies for a charity bazaar.
I have to make an air sandwich.
I have to milk my cow.
I have to read the labels on all of my food.
I have to rotate my crops.
I have to sit up with a sick ant.
I have to stay home and give my goldfish a bath.
I have to stay home and see if I snore.
I have to study for a blood test.
I have to take down the Christmas lights.
I have to take out the trash.
I have to teach my frog how to croak.
I have to teach my pig to sing.
I have to thaw some karate chops for dinner.
I have to wash my hair.
I have to try out for the ice skating team at school.
I have to watch Oprah.
I have to wax the driveway.
I have too much guilt.
I just found out we're related.
I just got back together with my ex.
I just got sick (right after you asked me out).
I just picked up a book called "Glue in Many Lands" and I can't put it down.
I just washed my hair.
I left my body in my other clothes.
I left my tolerance in another coat.
I like you, but my friends said I can't go out with you.
I like your best friend.
I made an appointment with a cuticle specialist.
I might see someone who knows me.
I must go in search of my charms which were stolen by an angry leprechaun.
I need to clean the air in my room.
I need to clip my nose hairs.
I need to spend quality time with my weed whacker .
I never go out on days that end in "Y."
I never said I'd go out with you, that was my evil twin.
I prefer to remain an enigma.
I promised my mum I'd bathe the hamster.
I promised to help a friend fold road maps.
I think you want the OTHER [your name].
I told my car I would tenderly rub wax into it's body.
I tripped over an ant and broke my leg.
I want to spend more time with my blender.
I would, but it would be a complete waste of make-up.
I would go out with you but my waiting list is full.
I'll be looking for a parking space.
I'm attending a perfume convention as guest sniffer.
I'm attending the opening of my garage door.
I'm being deported.
I'm building a pig from a kit.
I'm busy cleaning the blood off my axe.
I'm complicated to go out with.
I'm converting my calendar watch from Julian to Gregorian.
I'm enrolled in aerobic scream therapy.
I'm doing door-to-door collecting for static cling.
I'm engaged.
I'm gay.
I'm getting married tonight.
I'm getting my overalls overhauled.
I'm giving nuisance lessons at a convenience store.
I'm going down to the bakery to watch the buns rise.
I'm going through cherry cheesecake withdrawal.
I'm going to be playing with my mental blocks.
I'm going to be old someday.
I'm going to count the bristles in my toothbrush.
I'm going to the Missing Persons Bureau to see if anyone is looking for me.
I'm going to the moon.
I'm having all my plants neutered.
I'm having my baby shoes bronzed.
I'm in training to be a household pest.
I'm making a home movie called "The Thing That Grew in My Refrigerator."
I'm not into dating right now.
I'm observing National Apathy Week.
I'm planning to go downtown to try on gloves.
I'm reading with my widower .
I'm running off to Yugoslavia with a foreign-exchange student named Basil Metabolism.
I'm sandblasting my oven.
I'm shaving my dog.
I'm sick.
I'm sorry, I have to rotate the strings on all of my shoes.
I'm staying home to work on my cottage cheese sculpture.
I'm taking punk totem pole carving.
I'm teaching my dog to meow.
I'm teaching my ferret to yodel.
I'm teaching my goldfish how to play the electric guitar.
I'm too busy watching the paint dry.
I'm too old/young for that stuff.
I'm touring China with a wok band.
I'm trying to be less popular.
I'm trying to cut down.
I'm trying to see how long I can go without saying yes.
I'm uncomfortable when I'm alone or with others.
I'm up to my elbows in waxy buildup.
I'm waiting to see if I'm already a winner.
I'm washing the sofa.
I'm worried about my vertical hold.
I'm writing a love letter to Richard Simmons.
It wouldn't be fair to the other Beautiful People.
It's against my religion to date people named (insert relevant name)
It's my goldfish's birthday.
It's my parakeet's bowling night.
It's that time of the month again.
It's too close to the turn of the century.
I've been scheduled for a karma transplant.
I've been traded to Cincinnati.
I've come down with a really horrible case of something or other.
I've dedicated my life to linguini.
I've got a Friends of Rutabaga meeting.
I've had a better offer, some bloke is coming round to set fire to my head.
My asthma is acting up again.
My bathroom tiles need grouting.
My brother's sister's mum's son's dad died.
My butt is too big in this dress.
My chocolate-appreciation class meets that night.
My crayons all melted together.
My dad said I can't date till I am married.
My dog is too tired.
My dog had baby kittens.
My Dress For Obscurity class meets then.
My father's grandmother's aunt's mother died.
My favorite commercial is on TV.
My gerbil is getting married.
My goat broke a horn.
My grandma is on fire.
My hamster is having a heart transplant and I need to stay for moral support.
My Millard Fillmore Fan Club meets then.
My mother would never let me hear the end of it.
My palm reader advised against it.
My patent is pending.
My pet snake is constipated again.
My plot to take over the world is thickening.
My subconscious says no.
My uncle escaped again.
My water wings are flat.
My yucca plant is feeling yucky.
No.
None of my socks match.
On my list of things to do, seeing you is at the bottom.
People are blaming me for the Spanish-American War.
Pinocchio is on tonight.
Sorry I think I'm gay.
Sorry, when you came to my door I mistook you for a Mormon and took cover.
That would interfere with my time to wait for the government to take me away.
That's the night I reorganize my rock collection.
The grunion are running.
The last time I went out, I never came back.
The man on television told me to stay tuned.
The monsters haven't turned blue yet, and I have to eat more dots.
The President said he might drop in.
The "Rocky" marathon is on that night.
There are important world issues that need worrying about.
There's a disturbance in the Force.
There's a four hour TV special on trimming shrubbery.
Uh, I have stuff to do.
You are extremely unattractive. Sorry, someone had to tell you.
You know how we psychos are.
You're ugly, I'm busy, have a nice day .